
Does the lesion appear white or reddish?
Are the borders of the lesion irregular?
Does the lesion have color variation?
Is the lesion different from surrounding ones?
Does the lesion appear well marginated with a surrounding sclerotic rim?
Is the lesion red and scaly?
Is the lesion individual and targeted?
Does the lesion look similar to solar lentigo, seborrheic keratosis or squamous cell carcinoma?
Is the lesion flesh-colored or translucent with overlying telangiectasias (visible blood vessels)?
Does the papule ulcerate and bleed?
Does the lesion appear on the extremities of the body?
Is the lesion less than or equal to one centimeter in diameter?
Is there any overlying skin discoloration, possibly reddish-brown or tan-pink?
Does the lesion have a "stuck on" verrucous appearance?
Can milia cysts, comedo-like openings, fissures, and ridges be seen in the lesion under a dermatoscope?
Is the lesion flat?
Is the lesion hyperpigmented?
Is the lesion located in sun-exposed areas?
Does the lesion have variable sizes?
Is the lesion erythematous (red)?
Does the lesion present with scales or crust?
Does the lesion show signs of ulceration?
Is there a presence of hyperkeratosis in the lesion?
Is the lesion flat, nodular, or plaque-like?
Does the lesion appear ulcerated?
Does the lesion show patterns of pigment and vascularity?
Does the lesion show irregular borders?
Does the lesion have a diameter greater than 6 mm?
Does the lesion show disordered architecture and atypia of melanocytes?
Is the lesion melanin-rich?
Does the lesion appear as a single entity?
Are there multiple lesions present?
Does the lesion display variegated colors?
Is the lesion asymmetric?
Does the lesion have peripheral notches or indentations?
Is the lesion elevated?
Does the lesion ulcerate or display ecthyma, resembling cellulitis?
Are the lesions marked with brownish globules or dots or vascular structures?
Is the skin lesion border smooth or serrated?
Are there different colored tones within the lesion?
Does the lesion look like normal skin color?
Is the lesion colored as red, brown, or purple?
Does the lesion range in color from skin tone to tan or brown?
Is the lesion associated with hypopigmentation?
Are there multiple lesions of different ages present?
Does the lesion appear to be well-encapsulated?
Is the lesion well circumscribed?
Does the lesion have a smooth and regular wall?
Is the lesion characterized by telangiectasia?
Are the lesions scaly, dry, sharply defined and round?
Does the lesion appear as lighter patches of skin?
Is the lesion targeted towards a specific area or is it widespread?
Is the lesion symmetrical?
Is the lesion nodular in appearance?
Is there central crusting present in the lesion?
Does the lesion appear similar to multiple lesions?
Does the lesion have a prominent vascular pattern?
Does the lesion present a keratotic texture?
Does the lesion have a skin growth?
Is the lesion's center ulcerated?
Is the papule developing into a nodule?
Does the nodule have central ulceration and bleeding?
Does the lesion appear on the trunk?
Is the skin lesion deep-seated, round, and well-circumscribed?
Does the lesion have a smooth dome shape?
Are there multiple lesions present in a group?
Is there any change in the color of the overlying skin, appearing reddish-brown, tan-pink, or different from the surrounding skin color?
Is the lesion located on the head, neck, or upper extremities?
Does the lesion appear with overlying yellow or brown scales?
Does the skin around the lesion show signs of sun damage in the form of telangiectasias and yellow discoloration?
Does the skin show any signs of freckles, nevi or discoloration?
Does the lesion exhibit different degrees of pigmentation?
Is the lesion elevated or raised?
Does the lesion appear rough or warty?
Is the lesion texture waxy?
Is the lesion surface uneven with ridges or fissures?
Does the lesion present as a well-defined mass?
Are there comedo-like openings present in the lesion?
Does the lesion show features of milia-like cysts?
Can any hairpin vessels be seen in the lesion?
Are there any pearly white areas with peripheral striations seen in the lesion?
Do red dots and globules appear in the lesion?
Is the lesion skin-colored?
Is the lesion shiny and fleshy pink?
Is the lesion a flat or depressed type with a diameter of less than 10 mm?
Are the lesions flat and reddish-brown?
Is the lesion visibly scaly when stretched or scraped?
Are lesions present as areas of hyperpigmented skin?
Does the lesion involve any erosions?
Are the lesions small, monomorphic tan to brown macules or papules?
Is the lesion red and well-demarcated?
Are the lesions erythematous and macular?
Are the papules or nodules of the lesion erythematous?
Does the lesion present with multiple erythematous macules and papules?
Does the skin lesion have noticeable scaling?
Does the lesion present with a yellowish crust or scales?
Does the lesion present with crusts or sores?
Does the skin lesion appear on the lower limbs?
Is the lesion accompanied by skin hyperpigmentation?
Does the lesion display variable hyperkeratosis?
Is the lesion well-delimited and focal in nature?
Is the lesion papular?
Is the lesion red or violaceous?
Are the lesions flat-topped?
Are black dots present on the surface of the plaque?
Does the lesion appear as an ulcer?
Is the lesion characterized by erythematous borders?
Do the lesions present as crusty, ulcerative lesions?
Is the skin around the lesion hyperpigmented?
Does the lesion show pigmentation patterns?
Can you identify an altered pigment pattern?
Can you observe any formation of vascular channels in the lesion?
Is the lesion larger than 5 mm in diameter?
Does the lesion have poorly defined borders?
Does the lesion have an irregular surface?
Is the lesion surrounded by an erythematous area?
Does the lesion have raised edges and a center crust?
Is the skin lesion less pigmented than the surrounding skin?
Is the skin lesion highly pigmented?
Has the lesion a color contrast from the surrounding skin?
Is there complete absence of pigment in the skin lesion?