Is there displacement of interlobar fissures?
Are there signs of pulmonary opacification?
Is there a tracheal shift towards one side?
Are there indications of lung volume loss on one side?
Are there linear or homogenous increased opacities noticed in the chest?
Is there evidence of a peripheral solitary nodule?
Are signs of air trapping visible in the lung fields?
Are the lungs showing hyperinflation?
Is there evidence of mediastinal shifting?
Is there a hypodense or underinflated area in the lung?
Is there dilatation of the pulmonary artery?
Is there an enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette?
Are there signs of pulmonary congestion?
Is there presence of pleural effusion?
Are there increased pulmonary vascular markings?
Are there signs of volume overload?
Is there pulmonary edema visible?
Can signs of consolidation be detected?
Are pulmonary vessels engorged?
Is there a presence of pulmonary infiltrate?
Is there flattening of the costophrenic angles and enlargement of the cardiac silhouette?
Are the costodiaphragmatic angles blunted?
Are there lung filled with radiolucent fluid?
Is there an elevation of the hemidiaphragm on the affected side?
Is there presence of alveolar infiltrates?
Are there signs of increased vascular congestion?
Is there any indication of pulmonary fibrosis?
Are there small interstitial nodules in the upper and mid zones of the lungs?
Are there ill-defined pulmonary opacities present?
Are there any signs of a pneumothorax?
Are there signs of hilar or mediastinal lymph nodes enlargement?
Is there any evidence of parenchymal disease?
Are peripheral reticular opacities present in the lower lobes?
Can signs of lung architectural distortion be seen?
Are there signals of ground-glass opacities or consolidations?
Can any reticulonodular opacities be detected?
Is there any change in the chest x-ray?
Are there any new infiltrates visible on the chest x-ray?
Are there lobar consolidations?
Can nodular densities be seen in the chest x-ray?
Is there interstitial infiltrates visible on the chest x-ray?
Are there bilateral infiltrates seen in the chest x-ray?
Can an abnormal infiltrate be seen on chest x-ray?
Are there signs of collapse or consolidation in the lung?
Is there any evidence of necrotizing pneumonia on the chest x-ray?
Do the lungs appear hyperinflated on the chest x-ray?
Can a lung mass be identified?
Is there ground-glass haziness in the lung?
Are bilateral consolidations present?
Is there dense consolidation observed?
Is there consolidation present at the base of the lungs?
Do the depen