
Is there lung opacification?
Does the chest X-ray show signs of lung volume loss?
Is there any sign of lung overinflation?
Does the chest X-ray reveal evidence of trachea shifting?
Can mediastinum shifting be observed on the chest X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray show signs of obstructive emphysema?
Are there any signs of consolidation on the chest X-ray?
Does the X-ray indicate an obvious mass?
Is there any sign of bronchial wall thickening on the chest X-ray?
Are there indications of airway dilation on the chest X-ray?
Can ground glass or consolidative opacities be observed in the X-ray?
Does the chest X-ray show diffuse interstitial infiltrates?
Does the X-ray show signs of diffuse alveolar opacities?
Is there a visible enlargement of the heart?
Are there signs of vascular redistribution?
Are there indications of Kerley lines?
Is there cuffing of the areas around the bronchi?
Is there evidence of interstitial edema?
Is there a presence of a pericardial effusion?
Is there evidence of widespread pulmonary infiltrates?
Is there a blunting of the costophrenic angle or partial or complete opacification of the affected half of the thorax?
Are there changes in multiple areas and fluid in the area surrounding the lungs?
Is the cardiopericardial silhouette enlarged?
Are there signs of chronic effusion?
Is there evidence of pleural effusion?
Are there anterior subpleural consolidations?
Are there cavities filled with air or fluid in the lungs?
Are there opaque patches in the chest on imaging?
Are there bilateral opacities that cannot be fully explained by other conditions such as effusion, lung or lobar collapse, or lung nodules?
Are there infiltrates on a chest X-ray?
Is there evidence of hyperinflation?
Are there signs of lung hyperlucency?
Does the patient have small, irregular parenchymal opacities?
Are there areas of opacity due to fibrosis of the pulmonary parenchyma?
Is there evidence of lung inflammation?
Are lung nodules visible?
Does the patient show signs of bronchiectasis and pleural scarring?
Does the chest X-ray indicate any new opacification of the lung?
Does the chest X-ray show features that appear similar to an extensive pneumonia, with both lungs showing widespread white patches?
Is there upper-lobe consolidation present?
Are there multifocal nodular lesions visible?
Is there alveolar consolidation apparent?
Are there infiltrates in the lower lobes of the lungs?